Reconciling promise workflow (#129)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/main/05-reference/11-promises/04-workflows.md

- Kratix Controller restarts
- Changes to the Promise definition

In addition to the above, the Kratix Promise Controller will reconcile on a 10 hour cadence to
attempt to mitigate against any drift that may have occurred. During this reconciliation,

> the controller will ensure that all of the the Workflows for a given promise are re-run. It
> will not however, ensure that documents are re-written to the state store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the controller will ensure that all of the the Workflows for a given promise are re-run.

:::note

This reconciliation will not ensure that unchanged documents are re-written to the
state store. The reconciliation between workflow outputs and the statestore is
currently only triggered on change. For example, if a file has been deleted from your
GitStateStore, but the outputs from your workflow have not changed, this will
not be rewritten. This will be delivered in
[issue #254](https://github.com/syntasso/kratix/issues/254) if you would like to
follow along progress or share your requirements.

:::
```
